The best revenge is to be unlike him who performed the injustice. - Marcus Aurelius
We cannot control the external events that happen to us, but we can control how we respond to them. - Epictetus
True happiness is to enjoy the present, without anxious dependence upon the future. - Seneca
He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not, but rejoices for those which he has. - Epictetus
Waste no more time arguing what a good man should be. Be one. - Marcus Aurelius
The key is to keep company only with people who uplift you, whose presence calls forth your best. - Epictetus
Man is affected not by events but by the view he takes of them. - Epictetus
If you are distressed by anything external, the pain is not due to the thing itself but to your own estimate of it; and this you have the power to revoke at any moment. - Marcus Aurelius
To enjoy the things we ought and to hate the things we ought has the greatest bearing on excellence of character. - Seneca
It's not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters. - Epictetus
The best revenge is to be unlike him who performed the injustice. - Marcus Aurelius
We cannot control the external events that happen to us, but we can control how we respond to them. - Epictetus
True happiness is to enjoy the present, without anxious dependence upon the future. - Seneca
He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not, but rejoices for those which he has. - Epictetus
Waste no more time arguing what a good man should be. Be one. - Marcus Aurelius
The key is to keep company only with people who uplift you, whose presence calls forth your best. - Epictetus
Man is affected not by events but by the view he takes of them. - Epictetus
If you are distressed by anything external, the pain is not due to the thing itself but to your own estimate of it; and this you have the power to revoke at any moment. - Marcus Aurelius
To enjoy the things we ought and to hate the things we ought has the greatest bearing on excellence of character. - Seneca
It's not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters. - Epictetus
He who fears death will never do anything worth of a man who is alive. - Seneca
Some things are in our control and others not. - Epictetus
The best revenge is not to be like your enemy. - Marcus Aurelius
To be evenminded is the greatest virtue. - Heraclitus
Circumstances don't make the man, they only reveal him to himself. - Epictetus
Difficulty shows what men are. - Epictetus
The greater the difficulty, the more glory in surmounting it. - Epictetus
What is to give light must endure burning. - Viktor Frankl
How long are you going to wait before you demand the best for yourself? - Epictetus
To be calm is the highest achievement of the self. - Zen proverb
Fortune gives too much to many, enough to none. - Seneca
Our life is what our thoughts make it. - Marcus Aurelius
The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts. - Marcus Aurelius
Freedom is secured not by the fulfilling of men's desires, but by the removal of desire. - Epictetus
We have two ears and one mouth so that we can listen twice as much as we speak. - Epictetus
Only time can heal what reason cannot. - Seneca
You have power over your mind – not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength. - Marcus Aurelius
It is quality rather than quantity that matters. - Seneca
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do. - Epictetus
People are not disturbed by things, but by the view they take of them. - Epictetus
No person has the power to have everything they want, but it is in their power not to want what they don’t have. - Seneca
Dwell on the beauty of life. Watch the stars, and see yourself running with them. - Marcus Aurelius
He who is brave is free. - Seneca
Don't explain your philosophy. Embody it. - Epictetus
Life is never incomplete if it is an honorable one. - Seneca
Anger, if not restrained, is frequently more hurtful to us than the injury that provokes it. - Seneca
There is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power of our will. - Epictetus
Nothing happens to anyone that he can't endure. - Marcus Aurelius
Choose not to be harmed — and you won’t feel harmed. - Marcus Aurelius
Make the mind tougher by exposing it to adversity. - Seneca

